it seems like it would be really good
vibes and you know the Irish love to
have a good time
invite her hello yup we did just decide
last second to invite a subscriber with
us to a trip across the world but this
trip is going to be unlike any we've
ever done before
let me explain two and a half years ago
we filmed an episode that unbeknownst to
us would impact what our channel would
look like for years to come the
challenge involved convincing strangers
to go skinny-dipping with us after three
nights of asking out of wild luck we
finally convinced an entire group to
join us and in that group we met a goofy
loving and bubbly ambitious man Alan
chin this random guy going
skinny-dipping with us turned out to be
a world renowned artist who's had his
work shown in museums and art shows all
around the world and over the following
two years our friendship grew and Alan
continued saying yes to our crazy
requests without that being turned in
our backyard into an art piece overnight
and giving the yes three HQ
Danine holds today we're helping us
build a backdrop for a sikh discomfort
fashion show on just a 24-hour notice
this man has literally always been there
for us and today he needs our help
a few months ago Allen was asked to
create an art installation to be
displayed at beat Tokyo Metropolitan
Museum but per usual what Allen wanted
to create was so ambitious that was
going to take an entire village to pull
it off and that was exactly the point
the concept of Allen's art piece that
he's gonna be putting up basically
connecting different discs tell his
friends have created all around the
world which we'll get to the deeper
meaning of that later on but for our
submission we're gonna be cutting out
the Sun that he created out of the
iconic yes theory wall it sounds getting
torn out in about a month so if there's
definitely one thing we're gonna
preserve its centerpiece I've got a
friendly you guys you guys will get to
know very very well
[Music]
you say that what I'm doing right now is
going into Museum in Tokyo yeah there's
like fancy Museum your contributions are
gonna soar through your door
[Music]
all right so we wanted the yes fam to be
a part of this art piece and experience
in two different ways
first we challenge you guys on Instagram
to organize meetups and create real life
circles to embody Allen's message and
then we also thought it'd be interesting
to invite one of you to come along to
the last 72 hours of our trip so join us
in setting up Alan's art piece and have
a wild time with us in Tokyo we brought
our friends Perry NBC along for the trip
so whoever who we'd invites but have to
keep up with living with eight guys that
are already way too excited to be in
Japan leave the toilet unless they have
to Japan I think that should be the rule
that they have to say yes to whatever we
ask them
[Music]
nurse and she seems cool it seems like
it would be really good buds and you
know the Irish looking to have a good
size she's got a boyfriend so that's a
conversation but she's gonna have to
have with him hey baby
seven guys they invited her to go show
them Tokyo I like it invite her hello
beautiful
[Music]
oK we've got we've got a few questions
have you ever been to Japan
do you have work from the 18th time very
okay do you want to come to Tokyo from
the 18th of 21st we'll see here in a few
days
[Music]
I'm about to go be a subscriber that we
literally found the story up and then
FaceTime for five minutes and then
bought her a ticket to Japan the coolest
part is she doesn't even know what she's
here to be a part of we were just saying
how crazy it is that we come to for the
first time 48 hours ago even ask us a
question you don't even know where we're
going right now Oh is your boyfriend's
reaction getting of day one in Tokyo
[Music]
expecting like show up and have a whole
squad with you
[Music]
the second time ever
Littlefinger
[Music]
and after touring around Tokyo for the
day let's just say we were ready to
check out the nightlife
[Music]
this time we are had a museum we're
about like 20 30 people in the house who
are all gonna be transporting all the
material that Alan's gonna use to
actually build the pieces you brought a
tribe would have to go we've got a lot
of time for setup but I do like two
hours and 15 minutes to actually pull
the whole thing us and our friends are
the least organized people on the planet
earlier I was like Anya how do you feel
she's like well everything's so
different good that's why we're here
everybody that did a circle somewhere
around the world is a part of this are
going to be downloading all the footage
everybody sent we're gonna put it on a
DVD it's gonna be a part of the artbeat
this is the flyer about the piece that
goes here yesterday family
congratulations guys you have a piece
set up in the lobby of you is unit why
did you create this why did I create
this to connect people to a deeper
understanding of what
okay and I used my platform in this
museum institution to show what's
possible when people put their love and
intention into the beauty of their work
and we're all here for a reason and the
reason is to connect to each other and
so that's is my mission and purpose
today
[Music]
Allen has given himself an hour and a
half to prepare all of this and he is
freaking out as a lizard Ellen is very
calm
did he was walking in with everybody and
like discovering what's the best far as
they're opening up the boxes he's like
oh cool and then he's like all right so
this is what I want build this pressure
no I feel overwhelmed almost but like so
many people that it's like so much joy
and it's like one of the biggest dreams
of my life for everyone to come together
and do this so it's like I mean look at
this tribe of people everyone's working
I'm doing that I should not be involved
in this because I'm terrible at arts and
crafts then you're saying over there
yeah so you guys two hours yeah we've
got about one hour to get this whole
thing up about foot off right
yeah it's who decided to create at this
last minute
boom your end we have half an hour
how are you laughing we stay happy
because it's all gonna be good anyway
[Music]
how would you all on top like a first
row oh my god like something Tamar would
organize you know a lot of people a lot
of confusion very little time huge plan
and just winging it now to figure out
how to actually put it together the
thing is we all thrive in this
environment just let's do it and that's
exactly what we ended up having to do
the museum closed before we had time to
finish and the expo was set for the
following day they told us we could
arrive 15 minutes before they open to
finish it all up but realistically there
was hours left of work to accomplish so
we left feeling quite defeated having no
idea if we're going to be able to finish
the piece on time for it to be displayed
but the next day we woke up to what gave
us hope and motivation to finish the
piece with and organized all around the
world
Singapore Indian Las Vegas within India
that's great 326 emails and now we're
gonna get to put all of these different
clips that you guys sent this on a
blu-ray disc and make it part of the
installation so that it's not just a
symbolic part of the installation but
actually a physical one as well I'm not
know let's just roll a montage of some
of this amazing footage that you guys
said
[Music]
[Applause]
here's a blu-ray disc yes ma'am all
around the world
300 plus me that passes I got the glue I
got the disc awesome we can just start
it right it's amazing it's very possible
we believe in it and so this is very I
totally didn't say it's impossible to
smart so you guys would agreed you just
made a plan that basically goes by the
second people are likely to split the
different teams different stages like
switch roles and in 15 minutes we're
gonna have the most badass cute with the
most amazing vistas one sec remember you
gotta be calm calm and collected three
seconds per disc that's 13 seconds so
we're 10 seconds off on the world
shooters this piece of art and never
gets we in a museum
thank you
[Music]
yes
what does have a miracle a miracle is
basically the museum just gave
permission for the act of installing to
be a part of the actual artist writer
surgery because we want to show the
process of what it takes fixed now is
the end result
yeah yesterday they said there is no way
they agreed then three minutes before
the end then he walks in with the sank
witch [ __ ] keys that every single
person here moving things around is a
part of the our Denise Allen's attempt
with this piece is to revert the meaning
of the word alone to meaning all one
from meaning lonely and this is
literally as happening right now
everybody's coming together to be just
like one unit and make this happen all
right
it is finally time for the reveal of
what has been months in the making and
check this out boom do you recognize
that
that's our door it's a museum and there
it was
Allen pulled it off despite being late
and despite having had a vague plan of
what it would look like he did it or I
guess we all did it
Allen created a piece that doesn't just
symbolize togetherness but embodies it
every part of the art piece was created
by somebody different every part of the
installation was a product of teamwork
and on top of that people around the
world were presented with Allen and what
we had yes dear you are trying to create
unity that we're all going through the
same struggles that were all equally
clueless about what we want and how this
world functions but as long as we stick
out for each other we can do anything
we're so thankful for the thousands of
you who organized meetups on your own
and partook in this art piece and
honestly brought us to tears when we
woke up and wash all of you together
because for a brief moment we were all
connected one of our main goals is to
build a community that transcends our
screens into the real world and we're
sure as hell gonna do our best to
continue improving that this year thank
you all for being such an incredible
community and see you next week before
we end this episode we just want to
thank our sponsor honey for helping us
make this trip happen honey is a free
shopping tool that automatically
searches the internet for the best promo
codes every time you buy something
online and it works over 30,000 websites
I've used it when I order coffee on
Nespresso buying ray-bans or flights on
booking.com it'll help you save money
within seconds we recently purchased
shoes and glasses from Tom's for
everyone at yes theory and ended up
immediately saving over 20 dollars and
the best part is that it only takes two
clicks to install just go to join honey
calm / yes theory and click download
people who download honey end up saving
$30 on average per purchase if you want
to join thousands of other yes fam
members and saving money on your
purchases click the link in the
description below to add honey to your
browser or go to join honey calm / yes
theory
we'll see you next week
[Music]